Remove references to blacklist and whitelist (#1458)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/source/enable_cc_lifecycle.md

## Enable new lifecycle in `core.yaml`

> If you follow [the recommended process](./upgrading_your_components.html#overview) for using a tool like `diff` to compare the new version of `core.yaml` packaged with the binaries with your old one, you will not need to allowlist `_lifecycle: enable` because the new `core.yaml` has added it under `chaincode/system`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you follow [the recommended process](./upgrading_your_components.html#overview) for using a tool like `diff` to compare the new version of `core.yaml` packaged with the binaries with your old one, you will not need to add `_lifecycle: enable` to the list of enabled system chaincodes because the new `core.yaml` has added it under `chaincode/system`.
```

> However, if you are updating your old node YAML file directly, you will have to add `_lifecycle: enable` to the system chaincodes allowlist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you are updating your old node YAML file directly, you will have to add `_lifecycle: enable` to the list of enabled system chaincodes.
```

Reviewer: I'm making similar change in core.yaml comments:
https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/pull/1461
